now it's time for the first in
submission this was sent to us by high
school student by the name of shine from
this very and he actually asked the
question about the transition from high
school to college are and i think we can
give us some pretty good advice about
this let's watch i've been wondering how
you make that transition
from smart high school kids
never has to study at all
to college kids and has to study all the
time because i hear all the time of kids
that burn out when they get the college
because it's so used everything coming
easy
that uh... they just can't just
uh... do you have any advice nights
analysis and reporting to us for forrest
defending his championship hanoi's i
don't know how and why is that i just
made that up but i dont like that was
some potent created by guess i could say
it was a care about this on the
likelihood
inside information included danielle
economies are being in a manner at some
actually love that question i think it's
a good question and it's something that
i personally struggled with in my first
year of college
idea until as well as i thought i would
do in college in my first
and it is because
you you transition from high school
which in my opinion was to reason still
college where you actually have to do a
significant amount of radio killed read
this
uh... i guess
and to ask not answer and as a personal
question how much agrees not people
don't like as a
you what was your idea of not doing
my time before old zero three eight oh
my god now i think that and i'm guessing
here and and i think i mean life and
myself 'cause i think it might have been
a little higher than this
but and for some reason remember three
point two wishes that's unseen and a few
days it is and it because i want i went
from graduating with and for those of
the plane in high school
i have a perfect four point oh something
as the hospital as i have but how how
long
didn't have
and my i do remember the first and
contemplate she's actually have to spend
time standing you can't just go in the
lectures and you will on the test you
have to do your own independent study
yeah right went on and don't listen to
what the professors say because the
professors say that for every hour of
lecture initiative three hours of
studying done certain fiascoes all
depends on the glove subject depends on
your major inside things are going to
get into
but i think his lab limits with my
expenses for the different time which is
why you can't take this
for what it's worth a million if that
was coming from
the professors are going to teach you
everything
that's visits will be what you think you
won't find yourself which
which is was goes to what you were
saying about the need to study a yeltsin
had been so u what you need to get to
and then new ways you can get to it with
and i can tell you where to go and read
this volcano siri bills for shabbos and
do the things that and have to get their
i'll come back with something for me to
make sense
yet to be a part of m_s_ were actual
high school for acting
i don't know i i don't really remember
sending has the will of college sites
it's different because you need to take
notes during your lecture classes
identity notes during lecture is a
million times more important
and actually reading that textbook in
pens during a lecture the professor is
basically telling you
this is what will be on the test
answered still question number one is
being is all of that easy just pay
session a lecture take as many notes as
you can
when i take notice shorthand that's the
most important thing we need to learn
college anderson answer you'll do fine
you'll find a precedent pulled back if
it is different and unified professes
that one
it seems like
that is wrong to say
that what you fail
yeah those defenses activists ovalbumin
cryptic and things they say or the know
make things harder on you know first
place
uh... just so you may be up to figure
out do they want to think that they're
trying to teach you
how to get around their hurdles
previn to get to the import
and that it was unbearable thing if you
know furthering my professor dot com
while almost immediately identify
professor as being shady okay so
check that out before you sign up for
classes i did that there was a really
help us old era classes that i avoided
because their work there are professors
like that like they get some sort of
thrill out of making their class like
this year's obstacle course that's
impossible to pass
so just as a research i a professors to
write before you actually role further
costs event is that i think partially
one from
start bypass with the physician breezed
through
their classes from
you know they probably
through the business does a lawyer
is easy continued to be on the receipt
of himself we had to take those classes
even if it's good to have you know
there's a lot of things on the how much
we upjohn but
you know this is just
take what you know and applied to past
and don't expect to get anything and t